README.rst, before:

pretalx public voting plugin
============================

This is a plugin for `pretalx`_, allowing attendees (or anybody interested) to vote on submitted proposals.

Changelog
---------

- Add a direct link to the CSV export to the settings page.

v1.2.0, 2022-01-21
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added the option to show the full description of proposals, not just the abstract.
- Fixed a bug where withdrawn proposals would also show up.

v1.1.0, 2022-01-12
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Fixes bug where score labels would sometimes not show up.
- Public voting settings will be copied when a new event is created from an old one.

v1.0.0, 2022-01-11
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added the option to restrict voting to a set of known email addresses
- Added link to public voting page from organiser backend

v0.2.1, 2021-12-07
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added compatibility with the latest pretalx release
- Fixed a bug involving salt lengths

v0.2.0, 2021-03-11
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added a CSV export of voting results
- Added an indicator of the vote being saved
- Added localisation (multi-language support) to settings
- Optionally hide session images
- Added a German translation
- Added start and end time settings

v0.1.0, 2020-04-23
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Initial release

Development setup
-----------------

1. Make sure that you have a working `pretalx development setup`_.

2. Clone this repository, eg to ``local/pretalx-public-voting``.

3. Activate the virtual environment you use for pretalx development.

4. Execute ``python -m pip install .`` within this directory to register this application with pretalx's plugin registry.

5. Execute ``make`` within this directory to compile translations.

6. Restart your local pretalx server. You can now use the plugin from this repository for your events by enabling it in
   the 'plugins' tab in the settings.


License
-------

Copyright 2020 Tobias Kunze

Released under the terms of the Apache License 2.0


.. _pretalx: https://github.com/pretalx/pretalx
.. _pretalx development setup: https://docs.pretalx.org/en/latest/developer/setup.html

Commit message:

Add devcontainer specification to improve developer experience

README.rst, after:

pretalx public voting plugin
============================

This is a plugin for `pretalx`_, allowing attendees (or anybody interested) to vote on submitted proposals.

Changelog
---------

- Add a direct link to the CSV export to the settings page.

v1.2.0, 2022-01-21
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added the option to show the full description of proposals, not just the abstract.
- Fixed a bug where withdrawn proposals would also show up.

v1.1.0, 2022-01-12
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Fixes bug where score labels would sometimes not show up.
- Public voting settings will be copied when a new event is created from an old one.

v1.0.0, 2022-01-11
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added the option to restrict voting to a set of known email addresses
- Added link to public voting page from organiser backend

v0.2.1, 2021-12-07
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added compatibility with the latest pretalx release
- Fixed a bug involving salt lengths

v0.2.0, 2021-03-11
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added a CSV export of voting results
- Added an indicator of the vote being saved
- Added localisation (multi-language support) to settings
- Optionally hide session images
- Added a German translation
- Added start and end time settings

v0.1.0, 2020-04-23
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Initial release

Development setup
-----------------

.. note::
   This project contains a .devcontainer specification.
   Use development containers to start an a read-to-use containerized development
   environment within minutes. If you have not done already, go to https://containers.dev/supporting to learn more about
   the local requirements and preparations to get started with your supported editor or IDEA!

1. Make sure that you have a working `pretalx development setup`_.

2. Clone this repository, eg to ``local/pretalx-public-voting``.

3. Activate the virtual environment you use for pretalx development.

4. Execute ``python -m pip install .`` within this directory to register this application with pretalx's plugin registry.

5. Execute ``make`` within this directory to compile translations.

6. Restart your local pretalx server. You can now use the plugin from this repository for your events by enabling it in
   the 'plugins' tab in the settings.


License
-------

Copyright 2020 Tobias Kunze

Released under the terms of the Apache License 2.0


.. _pretalx: https://github.com/pretalx/pretalx
.. _pretalx development setup: https://docs.pretalx.org/en/latest/developer/setup.html
